oliver pocher against boris becker die
show continues
yes earlier it was argued today
tweeted yes what we have only in
times before the internet made as us
angry about whether he still the other in the
face had to say today is that
slightly since boris becker writes only once
a disclosure book and will be settled
then go on the net via twitter the
communities now back and forth and also
uninvolved please offer twitter
thanks to the world is getting naked and no
explains more dispute over beer
actually a pity before
tennis player has boris becker at so
won pretty much every sentence
now that he has his sentences or his words
wisdom over the internet more exactly
said about twitter in the world
Trumpeted is that a thing with
Game, set and match
currently there is game set and
war with comedian oliver pocher and that
because of her alessandra pocher only with
boris becker together then with oli
But now pocher is married to
two separate courtyards have nothing
nice to say about alessandra and
that's why oli pocher tweets nothing
nice about boris just lay down
not with a pocher on and as long
my wife wears my name thoughtfully
you soon what you for one
Idiocy writes I wish you
Have fun with divorce ps withdrawal
helps a spirited woman in the
get a grip
this tip is free who in the
glasshouse simply sits in bed
on the left, next to the sleeping pills
and the deposit bottles of her
communication at twitter can be quite
run fast against the post
she appears private but the whole world
can read along just everyone
insults and insults white
Lawyer professor alexander fischer
when the thousands under some circumstances
tens of thousands of followers are then gets
Of course there are many with and with it
of course then will be too
the insulting character continues
spread and maybe he insulted
feels even more in his honor
hurt in his good reputation
impaired
almost one and actually gaps
Anyone can also have an impact
on the sentencing it has boris
Becker even won a prize
for his dealings with social
I can control networks
heavier
maybe bring it straight across honestly
a little too honest and direct that
seems to be in the family
Becker's wife Lilly went, too
already fresh on twitter
separate pochers go off every family
I'm very sad
Do not wish her the best in life
so much I really can not
stand
a separation is hard but the penises
other men are, too, and the
hardest men have the biggest
Stubby New Year's Eve position for example
gave his colleague bruce willis
virtually one with no more than that
wanted to play with two and out of one
stallone movie wants to get out it's out
and harrison ford is great in there
I have had news on it for years
waited
greedy and lazy a safe formula for
the career
Anna the sandbox steps is now
really big enough for everyone
it will only be bad if it is still
the fans turn on and vigorously with
rant
Of course it can go too far that one
here says you will find a foundation
instead of under certain circumstances criminally
relevant or civil pensions
so the celebrity is
certainly good advice if he is very
hesitantly commented on this
notice who at twitter as
The specter is on the way
not popular and can be up in the
sleep to be pursued
Go sleep now, in contrast to
You can do a proper job to us
times to exchange 11 if you dare
that you do well all the good ones around
at some point on a beer
struck both guys but
after all, on everyone's lips
we wait for the common bf